Support info in federation resolve_reference (#921)
strawberry-graphql/strawberry: RELEASE.md

Release type: patch

> Add support for info param in resolve_reference

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This release adds support for the info param in resolve_reference:

``````python
@strawberry.federation.type(keys=["upc"])
class Product:
    upc: str
    info: str

    @classmethod
    def resolve_reference(cls, info, upc):
        return Product(upc, info)
``````

> Note: resolver reference is used when using Federation, similar to Apollo server's `__resolveReference` https://www.apollographql.com/docs/federation/api/apollo-federation/#__resolvereference

```
